In order to execute the else part of the code, you would need to pass a message signature that matches the value stored in the contract's storage at the address given by sload(add(chainid(), caller())).

Assuming that the contract has already been initialized and owner is set to a valid address, you could use the following command to call the contract and trigger the else part of the code:

`web3.eth.sendTransaction({to: <contract_address>, data: <sig> + "000000000000000000000000" + <owner_address>})
`

Where <contract_address> is the address of the contract, <sig> is the 4-byte function signature that matches the value stored in the contract's storage, and <owner_address> is the address of the owner you want to set.

For example, if the signature stored in the contract's storage is 0x12345678, and you want to set the owner to 0x1234567890123456789012345678901234567890, you would use the following command:

`web3.eth.sendTransaction({to: <contract_address>, data: "0x12345678" + "000000000000000000000000" + "1234567890123456789012345678901234567890"})
`



part else 

Sure, I'd be happy to explain the else part of the fallback function in more detail.

First, let's understand the purpose of the else block. The if block is checking if the function being called has a specific function signature (0x3bc5de30). If the signature matches, it executes the code in the if block, otherwise it executes the code in the else block. In other words, the else block is the code that gets executed when a function with a different signature is called.

Now, let's look at the code in the else block in more detail:

scss
Copy code
bytes4 sig;

assembly {
    sig := sload(sload(add(chainid(), caller())))
}

if (msg.sig != sig) {
    revert WrongSig();
}

assembly {
    sstore(owner.slot, calldataload(0x24))
}
This block of code first declares a variable sig of type bytes4. Then, it uses inline assembly to load a value from storage and store it into sig. Specifically, it loads a value from the storage slot at the address add(chainid(), caller()), and then loads the value stored at that slot.

The value stored at that slot is the function signature that was previously generated by the constructor function and stored in storage using the sstore instruction. If the function signature that was passed as part of the current function call (msg.sig) does not match the value loaded from storage (sig), then the code reverts with an error message of WrongSig().

Assuming the function signature matches, the code then uses inline assembly to store the value of the parameter passed in the current function call (calldataload(0x24)) into the storage slot of the owner variable.

That's a high-level overview of what the else block is doing. Let me know if you have any further questions!